WebDriver conformance updates for 106 (#21507)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/106/index.md

#### Removals

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

> - Added support for scroll (wheel) actions ({{bug("1746601")}}).

Reviewer: Can you add subheaders to split Marionette and WebDriver BiDi (see https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/19705/files) 

The first bullet point is marionette.
The last 5 bullet points are bidi.
The second bullet point impacts both marionette and bidi, so I'm not sure where it should end up. In doubt put it under marionette, we'll see what @whimboo says.

- Added support for opening and closing tabs on GeckoView applications (eg. Firefox for Android) ({{bug("1506782")}}).
- Added basic support for the getRealms command of the script module, currently limited to the WindowRealmInfo type which includes window realms and sandbox realms ({{bug("1766240")}}).
- Added support for the "load" event of the browsingContext module, which is emitted when a "load" event is triggered on a BrowsingContext's window ({{bug("1756619")}}).

> - Added an object reference store to hold strong references for objects serialized as remote values with an "ownership" type different from "none", which is for instance useful to retrieve and reuse complex objects when using commands from the script module ({{bug("1770736")}}).
> - We added support for de-serializing remote references created in the object reference store. This allows to send back a remote reference to another command, which will be able to reuse the original object from which the remote reference was created ({{bug("1788124")}}).

Reviewer: Given that @whimboo wanted to go for shorter descriptions, I guess those two were probably too verbose as well. 
```suggestion
- Added an object reference store to hold strong references for serialized remote values ({{bug("1770736")}}).
- Added support for de-serializing remote references created in the object reference store ({{bug("1788124")}}).
```

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

> #### Marionette

Reviewer 2: We have BiDi first for the last releases. I would suggest we keep that order.

> - Added support for scroll (wheel) actions ({{bug("1746601")}}).

Reviewer 2: Lets phrase it similar to our changes entry for the geckodriver release:

```suggestion
- Added support for `wheel` input source for [Actions](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/webdriver-spec.html#actions), which is associated with a
  wheel-type input device.
```

> - Added basic support for the `script.getRealms` command that is currently limited to the WindowRealmInfo type which includes window realms and sandbox realms ({{bug("1766240")}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added basic support for the `script.getRealms` command that is currently limited to the `WindowRealmInfo` type which includes window realms and sandbox realms ({{bug("1766240")}}).
```

- Added support for opening and closing tabs on GeckoView applications (eg. Firefox for Android) ({{bug("1506782")}}).

> #### BiDi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### WebDriver BiDi
```

Should say WebDriver BiDi, not just BiDi

> #### BiDi

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### WebDriver BiDi
```

> - Added basic support for the getRealms command of the script module, currently limited to the WindowRealmInfo type which includes window realms and sandbox realms ({{bug("1766240")}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added basic support for the `script.getRealms` command that is currently limited to the WindowRealmInfo type which includes window realms and sandbox realms ({{bug("1766240")}}).
```

> - Added support for the "load" event of the browsingContext module, which is emitted when a "load" event is triggered on a BrowsingContext's window ({{bug("1756619")}}).

Reviewer 2: Lets make sure to always use back-ticks.

```suggestion
- Added support for the `browsingContext.load` event, which is emitted when a `load` event is triggered on a BrowsingContext's window ({{bug("1756619")}}).
```

- Added an object reference store to hold strong references for serialized remote values ({{bug("1770736")}}).

- Added support for de-serializing remote references created in the object reference store ({{bug("1788124")}}).

> - Added full support for the "evaluate", "callFunction" and "disown" commands of the script module ({{bug("1778976")}}).

Reviewer 2: Similar to my above comment.

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

#### WebDriver BiDi

- Added basic support for the `script.getRealms` command that is currently limited to the WindowRealmInfo type which includes window realms and sandbox realms ({{bug("1766240")}}).

- Added support for the `browsingContext.load` event, which is emitted when a `load` event is triggered on a BrowsingContext's window ({{bug("1756619")}}).

- Added an object reference store to hold strong references for serialized remote values ({{bug("1770736")}}).

- Added support for de-serializing remote references created in the object reference store ({{bug("1788124")}}).

> - Added full support for the `evaluate`, `callFunction` and `disown` commands of the script module ({{bug("1778976")}}).

Reviewer 2: You missed one comment from my last review.
```suggestion
- Added full support for the `script.evaluate`, `script.callFunction` and `script.disown` commands ({{bug("1778976")}}).
```

#### Marionette

> - Added support for `wheel` input source for [Actions](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/webdriver-spec.html#actions), which is associated with a
> wheel-type input device ({{bug("1746601")}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for `wheel` input source for [Actions](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/webdriver-spec.html#actions), which is associated with a wheel-type input device ({{bug("1746601")}}).
```
